Grand Master
Pair, what different
1, Markdown is empty, recommend is empty
2, The recommendation just different, but mostly perform similar things with same functions
3, the code constructs are the same with different arguments
4, the code constructs are the same with different arguments
5, the code constructs are the same with different arguments
6, Markdown is just one word, "Data"
7, Someone might have copied the code and remove the comment
8, Markdown is empty, recommendation is empty
9, the code constructs are the same with different arguments
10, the two code snippets do similar things in the same topic. They create a bar chart to visualizae the feature importance, but the original uses builtin horizontal barchart lib in LightGBM lib, while the recommendation use Seaborn vertical barchart lib. The data for the chart was also prepared differently.

Master
1, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
2, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
3, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
4, Markdown is just a word “boxplot”. The recommended code is almost the same as the original, except for the loop’s iteration number.
5, Markdown is just a word “Training”. The recommended code is about “learn” but with a different method.
6, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
7, Markdown is “see sample image,” and the recommended code seems like a different topic.
8, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
9, Markdown is “Model training”, and the recommended is not about the training model.
10, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.

Expert
1, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
2, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
3, arkdown is “Dataset”. The recommended code is importing libraries, not getting or loading data.
4, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
5, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
6, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
7, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
8, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
9, Markdown is “CORRELATION”. The recommended code is not about correlation at all.
10, The original markdown is empty, and the recommended code is also empty.
